README.md, before:

Proof of concept of a HTML5 grid component with fixed columns

Browser Targets: Chrome 37+, Safari iOS 7+, FireFox 32+, IE9+

In scope:
- [x] fixed columns
- [ ] row grouping per column value
- [x] column moving
- [x] column resizing
- [ ] column hiding
- [x] live sorting
- [x] virtual scrolling
- [x] grid within a grid (possibility is there using subviews)
- [x] row hierarchy
- [x] inline editing & validation (almost done)
- [ ] paging
- [ ] multiple selection modes: row, column, block
- [ ] fill down/right
- [ ] copy/paste blocks
- [ ] undo
- [x] filtering
- [ ] settings persistence
- [x] comprehensive cell value formatting

Goals:
- high performance by leveraging browser-native functionality
- low footprint
- portability
- flexibility
- concurrency support (through use of Promises throughout the API)
- touch support throughout

Getting started:
- clone it
- install nodejs & npm if not done so already
- cd into the project directory
- if not done so yet, install bower and grunt: sudo npm install -g bower && sudo npm install -g grunt-cli
- npm install # install grunt tasks
- bower install # fetch javascript dependencies
- grunt bower # build requirejs config.js based on bower dependencies

Commit message:

fix issue with sorting when scrolled down

README.md, after:

Proof of concept of a HTML5 grid component with fixed columns

Browser Targets: Chrome 37+, Safari iOS 7+, FireFox 32+, IE9+

In scope:
- [x] fixed columns
- [ ] row grouping per column value
- [x] column moving
- [x] column resizing
- [ ] column hiding
- [x] live sorting
- [x] virtual scrolling
- [x] grid within a grid (possibility is there using subviews)
- [x] row hierarchy
- [x] inline editing & validation (almost done)
- [ ] paging
- [ ] multiple selection modes: row, column, block
- [ ] fill down/right
- [ ] copy/paste blocks
- [ ] undo
- [x] filtering
- [ ] settings persistence
- [x] comprehensive cell value formatting

Goals:
- high performance by leveraging browser-native functionality
- low footprint
- portability
- flexibility
- support for asynchronous operators like sorting, filtering, etc through use of events
- touch support throughout

Getting started:
- clone it
- install nodejs & npm if not done so already
- cd into the project directory
- if not done so yet, install bower and grunt: sudo npm install -g bower && sudo npm install -g grunt-cli
- npm install # install grunt tasks
- bower install # fetch javascript dependencies
- grunt bower # build requirejs config.js based on bower dependencies
